You've already learned about how to formulate
a real-world problem so it can be solved with reinforcement learning.
In this lesson, you'll begin to think about ways to solve this problem.
It's important to note that this lesson is
significantly more technical than the previous one.
If this is initially uncomfortable to you,
don't worry, and feel free to take the videos at your own pace.
We've added extensive examples and quizzes
to help you through this relatively difficult content.
But you'll likely still need to take your own notes
to make sure that the terminology becomes natural to you.
You should think of reinforcement learning as a language that takes time to learn.
So don't be too hard on yourself.
With all of this in mind, let's get started.